1. Create a social media platform
	a. Website
		i. Works on various browsers
		ii. Not advertised
		iii. Don’t need SEO
	b. App
		i. Downloadable on iPhone, Samsung, etc.
		ii. Don’t need it published on Appstore/Google Play
		iii. Private App
2. Community:
	a. Private community, by invitation
	b. Rights
		i. Admin
		ii. Moderator
		iii. Individual Users
		iv. Groups 
3. Features:
	a. Initial setup:
		i. Register with login/password
		ii. Set up profile (Option for username – Actual Full Name, First Name,Pseudonym)
		iii. Privacy/Disclaimer notices to be signed by user
		iv. User goes to Intro section
			1. Which explains rules
			2. Has first time tutorial in a video and graphics format
			3. Schedule initial interaction with Admin (shows calendar availability onGoogle hangout / Google Meetup)
		v. Interaction with Admin via video/audio
		vi. Information from this interaction will be stored on a different platform by Admin
		vii. Part of “agreed upon next steps” during this initial interaction will be signed by user. This will be emailed to the user on this platform and stored on a different platform.
		viii. After this, user will be provided with the following on the profile
			1. Dashboard
				a. Weekly prompt from Admin
				b. Dasboard will have option for uploading different types of files (text, audio, video, picture); and option to keep those private or share with different groups.
				c. Access to Videos/Blogs/Articles etc to view/read/comment/like
				d. Activity feed
					i. From groups
					ii. From individual users added as friends
				e. Points
					i. Earn a weekly badge of completion (more points with number of chats with other users/groups)
			2. User will automatically become part of all groups
			3. Users can add Friends (i.e., individual users) 
			4. Access to assigned moderator (which will be Admin for now)
	b. User Interaction with Community:
		i. Interact with individual members
			1. Chat / Live chat
			2. Upload files (text, audio, video, picture)
			3. Comment on individual members’ uploads
		ii. Interact with groups
			1. Chat / Live chat
			2. Upload files (text, audio, video, picture)
			3. Comment on group members’ uploads
		iii. Anonymous page
			1. Users can post text anonymously
			2. Others can comment
			3. Others can hit various buttons (e..g, Instead of “Like, there will be buttons for “I agree”, “I hear you”, etc.)
		iv. Admin can ofcourse interact with individual members and groups via video/audito, chat and email
4. Admin featutre:
	a. Private interaction with individual users via chat, email, video/audio
	b. Admin can add/delete users
	c. Admin can create/delete groups
	d. Private interaction with groups via messaging and email
5. Ad features:
	a. None
6. CMS:
	a. Open to ideas on which content management system to use incuding a CMS platform that will help with technical glitches
	b. Security
	c. Scalability 